docs: added info about modern and legacy timers (#12317)
facebook/jest: docs/TimerMocks.md

});
```

> Currently, two implementations of the fake timers are present - `modern` and `legacy`, where `modern` is still the default one. You can read how to enable `modern` implementation [here](/blog/2020/05/05/jest-26#new-fake-timers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, two implementations of the fake timers are included - `modern` and `legacy`, where `modern` is the default one. See [configuration](Configuration.md#timers-string) for how to configure it.
```
